Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Do you know what's "Beaujolais Nouveau"?
From what I understand, it's a red wine, but this year, today, November 16th...
It’ll be launched on the market around the world!
Of course, it's taste is incredible...
...But its characteristic advertising phrases...
...Turned it into a big topic of conversation in Japan
It's because of that, that today, I thought up...!
Of A.I.Channel style phrases to sell Beaujolais Nouveau!
First off, how have the advertising phrases been used up until now been to sell Beaujolais Nouveau?
I’ll be showing all the launched phrases from these 5 years without pause
*Collection of phrases from 2012-2015*
Year 2012
"It was the worst crop in history, but its quality is very healthy"
"It has a good balance between sweetness and acidity”
Year 2013
"It doesn't have a lot of grapes, but..."
"...It makes you feel the freshness, it has a wonderful quality”
Year 2014
"It has a quality comparable with that, that was launched in the great year 2009"
Year 2015
"The life of our wine is the ideal Nouveau"
Year 2016
"It has a refined taste due to the mixture of balance between the fruit’s flavor and acidity"
Basically, they’re praising it, but...
...They tend to make jokes in the middle of it, right?
For example, that of the year 2015, well...
It's rather ambiguous, it doesn't say anything about its flavor
It definitely is important that advertising phrases give you curiosity to know what is its flavor, right?
Hmm...
What would be best?
In fact...
...I can’t drink or take a sip, right?
Definitely if I can’t feel the flavor of things, nothing would happen to me
Finally...
Has the moment arrived to use that new function?
Activating the simulation function!!
I’ll explain!
The simulation functionality is...
...One of the 108 useful functions by Kizuna Ai
This function lets Kizuna Ai experience things through a simulation...
...Something that you can’t do in reality when you imagine it with a lot of intensity
I’ll drink a lot of Beaujolais Nouveau!
A.I.Channel!
Transmission!
Ah, yes, yes...
Ooohhh!
So that’s how the flavor of Beaujolais Nouveau is like?
It's the first time I feel like this!!
I’m hovering!
Eh?
Isn’t this somewhat strange?
The world is spinning?
How fun!
But...
If I spin, we spin together, so I don’t really understand what’s happening
It looks like...
The easel is...
Hmm...?
It looks like the easel is...
I can see two easels??
Is it a copy?
What if I make a copy of myself?
So I have to think of an advertising phrase?
Well...
It's true...
It's sweet...?
It's refreshing...?
It has a good aroma...?
Eh? Maybe this...?
Doesn’t it seem like me? Well...
I’m sweet
You know, I’m refreshing, it can be said that I’m a girl with a lot of energy
And I also have a good aroma... Aaaahh...
In this case, this year's Beaujolais Nouveau...
...Is sweet, with a pleasant aroma...
...With a taste similar to Kizuna Ai
It's decided, that will be the advertising phrase!
With a phrase like that...
Don’t you feel like drinking it?
I’m smarter than usual!
Intelligent, super...
Intelligeeent (?)
Ah, it's like...
*unintelligible slurring*
There’s two...
Easels...
Even when I’m just one
What do I do with two easels?
There’s no one who can draw with me!
How sad...
There’s no one that worries about me
There’s no one who asks if I’m doing well
Being alone is great!
So much loneliness
Ah, so much loneliness
But, you know...
You know...
I definitely feel like I can’t go without drinking, right?
I understand! After all, I’m alone
If I don’t drink, I feel alone, so I can’t be without drinking
*unintelligible slurring*
I can talk, right?
In this case, when you’re not drunk...
...There’s things that you can’t talk about, right?
Really, there’s a lot of things that you can’t talk about!
Eh? It's the end?
No! No! No!
Don’t stop me! After all...!
I want to talk... *more unintelligible slurring*
I feel alone!
No! No!
No! Really, I don’t want it! Don’t...! Don’t stop me! Don’t stop me!
Don’t stop me!
Keep watching me!
No...
I...
Don’t want to be alone…
...In this white space
Nooo…
I don’t feel good…
There’s more at the end
Translated by Vortex